## Important Updates

### Updated Requirement: SpongeAPI 7.1 & Implementation Changes

Now SpongeAPI 7.1 has been released, many compatibility hooks for API 7.0 have been removed. There is now no guarantee that Nucleus will run on an
API 7.0 server. If you find that Nucleus does not run on your server, please revert to 1.5.5.

Also, I have taken the time to refactor some service loading code. It is possible that I may have missed a service.

### PLEASE READ: `nucleus.<role>` permissions

**This is a pre-release to get testing on the permission updates. Please note that no permissions have been changed, only role permissions have been added.**

When I first set out to create Nucleus, the design of the permission nodes was to group like commands together. So, `nucleus.tppos`, for example, related to the `/tppos` command. `nucleus.home` was the logical grouping of the `/home` commands, including `/home other`, `/home list` etc., due to Sponge's inheritance.

However, this way of doing it has caused problems:

* Owners want vanish on login as a permission, like Essentials, but complain that `*` makes them vanish on login
* There is an AFK exemption permission, `nucleus.afk.exempt.toggle`, activated by `*` 
* `nucleus.connectionmessages.disable` - give yourself * and you won't be broadcasted to the server

[I maintain my opposition to the * permission](https://ore.spongepowered.org/Nucleus/Nucleus/pages/The-Permissions-Wildcard-(And-Why-You-Shouldn't-Use-It)). It is a bad idea and is far simpler and intuitive than what Bukkit did. In fact, Sponge's permission system was not even designed to support `*`, or _any_ wildcard.

I also recognise how much of a pain the current setup is for some use cases. So, this commit introduces the following permissions that automatically grants defaults:

* `nucleus.user` that acts as a "super permission" for any permission labelled as `USER` in the permission tables
* `nucleus.mod` that acts as a "super permission" for any permission labelled as `MOD` in the permission tables
* `nucleus.admin` that acts as a "super permission" for any permission labelled as `ADMIN` in the permission tables
* `nucleus.owner` that acts as a "super permission" for any permission labelled as `OWNER` in the permission tables

**This does not, and will never, override any explicit permission that has been set.**

As an example, you give your moderators the `nucleus.mod` permission. This, for example, gives them permission to enter staff chat. However, maybe you don't want them to access this. If you set `nucleus.staffchat.base` as `false`, this will override `nucleus.mod`. The same can be said for parent permissions, if you set `nucleus.staffchat` to `false`, a check to `nucleus.staffchat.base` will return `false`, regardless of whether `nucleus.mod` is set.

While this is cleaner than using `/nucleus setupperms`, you must be aware of the following:

* These "role" permissions will _never_ be given by default by `setupperms`.
* Any permissions added to Nucleus that fall into one of these roles **WILL** be granted by default if you have the role permission. **It is the responsibility of the server owner to check for any new features that may be added to these roles**.
* `/nucleus setupperms` will continue to exist, and will **not** grant new permissions automatically if they are added in new releases (but will if
 you re-run the setupperms commands).

If you want to use our suggested template and do not mind following our recommendations, use the role permissions. If you want to use our suggested template but **DO** want full control over what permissions you have, remain with `/nucleus setupperms`.

If you do not want to use the role permissions, this can be turned off in the config by setting `core.enable-parent-perms` to `false` and reloading.

# Bugfixes

* Fixed incorrect text on `/sellall` (thanks NickImpact)